Console Application<br/>
Exercise: Strings and Text Processing
# TreasureFinder
Write a program that __decrypts a message__ by a given __key__ and gathers information about hidden __treasure type__ and its __coordinates__. On the __first line__ you will receive a __key (sequence of numbers)__. On the __next few lines until you receive "find"__ you will get lines of __strings__. You have to __loop through every string__ and __decrease the ascii code of each character__ with a __corresponding number of the key__ sequence. The way you choose a key number from the sequence is just __looping through it__. If the __length of the key__ sequence is __less than the string__ sequence, you start __looping from the beginning of the key__. For more clarification see the example below. __After decrypting__ the message you will __get a type of treasure and its coordinates__. The __type__ will be __between__ the symbol __'&'__ and the __coordinates__ will be __between__ the symbols __'<'__ and __'>'__. For each line __print the type and the coordinates__ in format "__Found {type} at {coordinates}__".
## Example
Input|Output|Comment
-----|------|-------
1 2 1 3<br/>ikegfp'jpne)bv=41P83X@<br/>ujfufKt)Tkmyft'duEprsfjqbvfv=53V55XA<br/>find|Found gold at 10N70W<br/>Found Silver at 32S43W|We start looping through the first string and the key.<br/>When we reach the end of the key we start looping from the<br/> beginning of the key, but we continue looping through the<br/> string. (until the string is over)<br/>The first message is: "__hidden&gold&at<10N70W>__"<br/> so we print we found gold at the given coordinates<br/>We do the same for the second string<br/> "__thereIs&Silver&atCoordinates<32S43W>__"<br/>(starting from the beginning of the key and the<br/> beginning of the string)
